= redcap

redcap is a library for uploading images
to Second Life.  It costs L$10 per image uploaded.
You can save some money during testing by using the
Preview Grid (if available).

== installation

To install redcap as a gem:
   gem install slothbear-redcap --source http://gems.github.com

If you'd rather grab a couple files and give it a try, download
the following files from http://github.com/slothbear/redcap/tree/master
   bin/redcap
   lib/redcap/uploader.rb

Amend this line in redcap to fit your installation and give it a try.
   require "redcap/uploader"

== usage

Upload a JPG:
    redcap first_name last_name SL_password your_image.jpg

Upload a PNG to the preview grid:
    redcap -g preview first_name last_name SL_password picture.png

Note you can upload any image format that your installation of ImageMagick
can read.

== release notes
All images are uploaded into the top level of your Inventory. [to be
fixed for release 1.0.0]

Second Life requires the uploaded image dimensions to be powers of 2.  If you'd
like to re-size your image to its original aspect ratio, make use of
Uploader::aspect_ratio.  (see forthcoming LSL example)

installing ImageMagick and RMagick: http://rmagick.rubyforge.org/install-osx.html

[This ImageMagick installation information is very old. I'm looking for better info.]

When you install ImageMagick, make sure you include the jpeg2 variant:
    sudo port install tiff -macosx imagemagick +q8 +gs +wmf +jpeg2

To make sure your ImageMagick can produce SL-compatible JPEG-2000 files,
issue the following command:
   identify -list format | grep JPC
The JPC line should include "rw-" indicating it can write files, like:
    JPC* JPC       rw-   JPEG-2000 Code Stream Syntax

The /tests were developed for a previous release and do not run at this time.


== copyright

redcap -- library for uploading files to Second Life
Copyright 2009  Paul Morganthall

redcap is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
